[SYCL][DOC] Avoid implicitly disallow memory operations (#117)
reble/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/proposed/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

|This function adds a command group function object to a graph. The function
object statically contains a group of commands, of which a single command is

> executed at runtime. A function object can be a host task which is scheduled by

Reviewer: > A function object can be ...

It might be easier to just remove this sentence enumerating what the different function objects could be. We could also have a child graph from `handler::ext_oneapi_graph` but don't list that explicitly.

Author: Agreed, I changed the description to not list any tasks explicitly.

> executed at runtime. A function object can be a host task which is scheduled by

Author: ```suggestion
executed at runtime. A command group function object may submit any command
as defined by the core SYCL specification, and any SYCL extensions unless explicitly
stated otherwise.
```

Reviewer: Could extended this slightly to include extensions as well, "as defined by the SYCL specification, and any SYCL extensions unless explicitly stated otherwise"

> the SYCL runtime, a SYCL function for invoking kernels or for explicit memory 
> operations, with all restrictions that apply as described in the core specification.

Author: ```suggestion
```
